Add the dataset of PR review comments (#116)
src-d/datasets: ReviewComments/README.md

> Pull Request Review Comments ![size 1.6GB](https://img.shields.io/badge/size-1.6GB-green.svg)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# GitHub Pull Request Review Comments ![size 1.6GB](https://img.shields.io/badge/size-1.6GB-green.svg)
```
(and erase `====` below)

===========

The dataset was extracted from [GH Archive](https://www.gharchive.org/) and consists of:

> 1. [45.8 million pull request review comments](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1rk6OTDrD09xVU0o_w8_dvtsLaeeUgwmP) extracted from GitHub from 2015 to 2018 included - 1.6 GB (xz-compressed)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [45.8 million pull request review comments](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1rk6OTDrD09xVU0o_w8_dvtsLaeeUgwmP) since 2015 till 2018 - 1.6 GB (xz-compressed)
```

What about months?

### Format

CSV, columns:

> * `COMMENT_ID` - id of the comment in the original dataset from [GH Archive]((https://www.gharchive.org/))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `COMMENT_ID` - identifier of the comment in the mother dataset - [GH Archive](https://www.gharchive.org/)
```

* `COMMIT_ID` - commit hash to which the review comment is attached
* `URL` - path to the GitHub pull request the comment comes from

> * `AUTHOR` - login of the user author of the comment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `AUTHOR` - GitHub user of the author of the comment
```

* `CREATED_AT` - creation date of the comment
* `BODY` - raw content of the comment

> 

Reviewer: You need to describe how you filtered data: what was removed and why.

# GitHub Pull Request Review Comments ![size 1.6GB](https://img.shields.io/badge/size-1.6GB-green.svg)
The dataset was extracted from [GH Archive](https://www.gharchive.org/) and consists of:

1. [25.3 million pull request review comments](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1rk6OTDrD09xVU0o_w8_dvtsLaeeUgwmP) since January 2015 till December 2018 - 1.6 GB (xz-compressed)

### Format

CSV, columns:

* `COMMENT_ID` - identifier of the comment in mother dataset - [GH Archive](https://www.gharchive.org/)
* `COMMIT_ID` - commit hash to which the review comment is attached
* `URL` - path to the GitHub pull request the comment comes from
* `AUTHOR` - GitHub user of the author of the comment
* `CREATED_AT` - creation date of the comment
* `BODY` - raw content of the comment

### Dataset generation

> The dataset has been generated with the following [notebook](PR_review_comments_generation.ipynb). The comments which exceeded the `csv.field_size_limit` equal to 128kB have been discarded (~10 comments).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dataset was generated in the [following notebook](PR_review_comments_generation.ipynb). The comments which exceeded Python's `csv.field_size_limit` equal to 128kB were discarded (~10 comments).
```

> Some [statistics](PR_review_comments_stats.ipynb) about the dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We gathered some [statistics about the dataset](PR_review_comments_stats.ipynb).
```
